Add IPFS Update instructions to the Install section. (#508)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/install/command-line.md

   > installed /usr/local/bin/ipfs-update
   ```

4. Check that `ipfs-update` installed properly:

   ```bash
   ipfs-update --version

   > ipfs-update version 1.6.0
   ```

##### Linux

1. Download the Linux binary from [`dist.ipfs.io`](https://dist.ipfs.io/#ipfs-update).

   ```bash
   wget https://dist.ipfs.io/ipfs-update/v1.6.0/ipfs-update_v1.6.0_darwin-amd64.tar.gz
   ```

2. Unzip the file:

   ```bash
   tar -xvzf ipfs-update_v1.6.0_darwin-amd64.tar.gz

   > x ipfs-update/install.sh
   > x ipfs-update/ipfs-update
   ```

3. Move into the `ipfs-update` folder and run the install script:

   ```bash
   cd ipfs-update
   sudo bash install.sh

   > installed /usr/local/bin/ipfs-update
   ```

4. Test that `ipfs-update` has installed correctly:

   ```bash
   ipfs-update --version

   > ipfs-update version 1.6.0
   ```

#### From Source

`ipfs-update` uses go modules and requires Go version 1.12 or higher:

```bash
# You need to CD to a directory _outside_ of your GOPATH.
$ cd /
# Install with go modules enabled
$ GO111MODULE=on go get github.com/ipfs/ipfs-update
```

Note: Your $GOPATH/bin should be within $PATH for the result ipfs-update binary
to be found.

> ### Use `ipfs-update` to install & update Go-IPFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install using IPFS Update
```

> ```bash
> $ ipfs-update install <version>
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Run `ipfs-update install` followed by the version of Go-IPFS you want to install:

```bash
ipfs-update install 0.5.0
```

To install the latest release of Go-IPFS use the `latest` tag:

```bash
ipfs-update install latest
```

````

> Downloads, tests, and installs the specified version (or "latest" for latest version) of Go-IPFS. The existing version is stashed in case a revert is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ipfs-update install` downloads, tests, and installs the specified version of Go-IPFS. If a version of IPFS is already installed, that version is _stashed_ and can be reverted to later.
```

> Note: In order to update Go-IPFS just install the new version. Check See the [`ipfs/ipfs-update` GitHub repository for details →](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Use `ipfs-update` to downgrade Go-IPFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Downgrade using IPFS Update
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `revert` function to roll-back to a previous version of Go-IPFS.

```

```bash

> $ ipfs-update revert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ipfs-update revert
```

```

> Reverts to the previously installed version of Go-IPFS. This is useful if the newly installed version has issues and you would like to switch back to your older stable installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ipfs-update revert` reverts to the previously installed version of Go-IPFS. This is useful if the newly installed version has issues and you would like to switch back to your older stable installation.
```

### Uninstall `ipfs-update`

> Uninstalling `ipfs-update` involves removing the binary and adjusting the `PATH` variable on Windows systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall IPFS Update, delete the binary and `ipfs-update` from your `PATH` variable.
```

1. Find the location of the `ipfs-update.exe` file.

   ```powershell
   gci -recurse -filter ipfs-update.exe -File -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue

   > Directory: C:\Users\Johnny\Apps\ipfs-update_v1.6.0\ipfs-update
   ```

2. Remove the `ipfs-update` directory.

   ```powershell
   Remove-Item -Recurse -Force C:\Users\Johnny\Apps\ipfs-update_v1.6.0
   ```

> 3. Update the `PATH` variable as described in the [Microsoft documentation on how to update/edit/delete your PATH](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/setting-the-path-and-environment-variables-for-command-line-builds?view=msvc-160)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update your systems `PATH` variable. This process differs between Windows installations, so please check the [Microsoft documentation for details](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/setting-the-path-and-environment-variables-for-command-line-builds?view=msvc-160).
```
